despite its long human history Africa is
sparsely populated much of it is still
unmarked by humanity
rising majestically above the plains of
Tanzania Kilimanjaro is Africa's highest
mountain it was formed from three
extinct volcanoes which first erupted
only a million years ago
the second-highest mountain in Africa is
Mount Kenya although it stands on the
equator there are permanent snow fields
and pastures on its summit like
Kilimanjaro it erupted as a volcano from
the bed of the Great Rift Valley but
being older its crater top has worn away
leaving several jagged peaks to the
south of Mount Kenya and Mount
Kilimanjaro lie the wide plains of the
Serengeti well known for their abundant
wildlife